Added Network Configuration settings section (#93)
OP-TEE/optee_docs: building/devices/rpi3.rst

And shortly thereafter you will see GDB stops on your breakpoint and from there
you can debug using normal GDB commands.

> Network Settings Configuration Raspberry Pi

Author: Ok.

*******************************************

> To resolve network connectivity issues inspect and edit the IP configuration settings of the Raspberry Pi board.

Author: Sure. I will update it accordingly.

> To configure the board to use DHCP or static IP settings the below mentioned steps to be followed.

Author: Ok.

> 1.  After logging on to the board , check whether the ip is assigned or not by entering the below command.

Author: Ok.

   
.. code-block:: bash

   ifconfig 

    If you find something as below, the rpi is not getting assigned an IP adress from dhcp.
    lo Link encap:Local Loopback

>     inet addr:127.0.0.1 Mask:255.0.0.0

Author: Ok.

    
2.  In order to assign the IP temporarily enter the following 
    open a Linux command line. Enter ifconfig, the device id, a valid IP address, netmask, and the appropriate network mask. 
.. code-block:: bash   

    For example:
    #ifconfig eth0 192.168.45.12 netmask 255.255.255.0
    

> 3.  To assign an IP from DHCP the board needs to be configured. Make sure the followed packages are present in the common.mk file.
>     If not add and rebuild the rootfilesytem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To use DHCP with the RPi device, add the following packages to OP-TEE
build.git/common.mk file (and do a re-build):
```

Author: Ok.

.. code-block:: bash

    BR2_PACKAGE_DHCPCD ?= y 
    BR2_PACKAGE_ETHTOOL ?= y
    BR2_PACKAGE_XINETD ?= y
        

> 4.  Then check the contents of the /etc/network/interfaces file. 
>     Enter.
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     #cat /etc/network/interfaces 
>     
> 5.  Add the below two lines and save it.
>     
> .. code-block:: bash  
> 
>     auto etho
>     iface eth0 inet dhcp
>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Do the necessary DHCP configuration and also remove the static configuration if 
    you have been using that. You enable DHCP by making sure that the                                                                                                                                                                                                       
    ``/etc/network/interfaces`` file on the RPi contains the following: 
    
.. code-block:: bash  

    auto etho
    iface eth0 inet dhcp
```

Author: Ok.

> 6.  To test enter the below command. 
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     #ifup eth0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  To try it out, enter this at the RPi console

.. code-block:: bash

    $ ifup eth0
```

Author: Ok.

> 7.  You see a log similar to the one below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  You should see a log similar to the one below.
```

Author: Ok.

.. code-block:: bash

    udhcpc: started, v1.31.1
    udhcpc: sending discover
    udhcpc: sending select for 10.12.1.33
    udhcpc: lease of 10.12.1.33 obtained, lease time 86400
              

> 8.  On the restart the ip will assigned automatically from dhcp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  On a reboot, the IP will assigned automatically from DHCP.
```

Author: Ok.
